c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\CapaNegocios.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\CapaNegocios.dll.config
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\CapaNegocios.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\CapaDatos.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalBank\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\CapaNegocios.pdb
